Spring SDK: configuration refactor (#5737)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/apis-tools/spring-zeebe-sdk/configuration.md

To connection to Camunda is determined by `camunda.client.grpc-address` and `camunda.client.rest-address`

### Camunda API connection

#### gRPC address

Define the address of the [gRPC API](/apis-tools/zeebe-api/grpc.md) exposed by the [Zeebe Gateway](/self-managed/zeebe-deployment/zeebe-gateway/zeebe-gateway-overview.md):

```yaml
camunda:
  client:
    grpc-address: http://localhost:26500
```

:::note
You must add the `http://` scheme to the URL to avoid a `java.lang.NullPointerException: target` error.
:::

#### REST address

Define address of the [Camunda 8 REST API](/apis-tools/camunda-api-rest/camunda-api-rest-overview.md) exposed by the [Zeebe Gateway](/self-managed/zeebe-deployment/zeebe-gateway/zeebe-gateway-overview.md):

```yaml
camunda:
  client:
    rest-address: http://localhost:8080
```

:::note
You must add the `http://` scheme to the URL to avoid a `java.lang.NullPointerException: target` error.
:::

#### REST over gRPC

If true, the Camunda Client will use REST instead of gRPC whenever possible to communicate with the Camunda APIs:

```yaml
camunda:
  client:
    prefer-rest-over-grpc: true
```

### Advanced connectivity settings

#### Keep alive

> Time interval between keep alive messages sent to the gateway (default is 45s):

Reviewer: ❓ shall we outline when this is relevant?

Edit: I guess this is what you meant,. by refactoring the config docs to capture the actual user journey and use cases instead of just reference docs? Let's handle in a follow-up indeed.

  client:
    max-metadata-size: 4194304
```

#### CA certificate

Path to a root CA certificate to be used instead of the certificate in the default store:

```yaml
camunda:
  client:
    ca-certificate-path: path/to/certificate
```

## Authentication

The authentication method is determined by `camunda.client.auth.method`. If omitted, the client will try to detect the authentication method based on the provided properties.

Authenticate with the cluster using the following alternative methods:

:::info
When using `camunda.client.mode=saas`, the authentication method presets are not applied in favor of the properties contained in the SaaS preset.
:::

### No authentication

By default, no authentication will be used.

To explicitly activate this method, you can set:

```yaml
camunda:
  client:
    auth:
      method: none
```

As alternative, do not provide any other property indicating an implicit authentication method.

This will load this preset:

```yaml reference referenceLinkText="Source" title="No authentication"
https://github.com/camunda/camunda/blob/main/clients/spring-boot-starter-camunda-sdk/src/main/resources/auth-methods/none.yaml
```

### Basic authentication

> You can authenticate with the cluster using username and password authentication.

Reviewer: 🔧  would hint that this depends on the cluster setup
```suggestion
You can authenticate with the cluster using Basic authentication, if the cluster is setup to use Basic authentication.
```

  }
}
```

#### Programmatically completing jobs

Your job worker code can also complete the job itself. This gives you more control over when exactly you want to complete the job (for example, allowing the completion to be moved to reactive callbacks):

```java
@JobWorker(type = "foo", autoComplete = false)
public void handleJobFoo(final JobClient client, final ActivatedJob job) {
  // do whatever you need to do
  client.newCompleteCommand(job.getKey())
     .send()
     .exceptionally( throwable -> { throw new RuntimeException("Could not complete job " + job, throwable); });
}
```

You can also control auto-completion in your configuration.

**Globally:**

```yaml
camunda:
  client:
    worker:
      defaults:
        auto-complete: false
```

**Per worker:**

```yaml
camunda:
  client:
    worker:
      override:
        foo:
          auto-complete: false
```

Ideally, you **don't** use blocking behavior like `send().join()`, as this is a blocking call to wait for the issued command to be executed on the workflow engine. While this is very straightforward to use and produces easy-to-read code, blocking code is limited in terms of scalability.

> This is why the worker above showed a different pattern (using `exceptionally`). Often, you might also want to use the `whenComplete` callback:

Reviewer: 🔧 
```suggestion
This is why the worker sample above shows a different pattern (using `exceptionally`). Often, you might want to use the `whenComplete` callback:
```

```java
send().whenComplete((result, exception) -> {})
```

> This registers a callback to be executed if the command on the workflow engine was executed or resulted in an exception. This allows for parallelism. This is discussed in more detail in [this blog post about writing good workers for Camunda 8](https://blog.bernd-ruecker.com/writing-good-workers-for-camunda-cloud-61d322cad862).

Reviewer: 🔧 
```suggestion
This registers a callback to be executed when the command on the workflow engine was executed or resulted in an exception. This allows for parallelism. This is discussed in more detail in [this blog post about writing good workers for Camunda 8](https://blog.bernd-ruecker.com/writing-good-workers-for-camunda-cloud-61d322cad862).
```
